so I've been trying to figure out last
night as I was lubricating the machine
what the cause of the click was when I
ran it and you can see now
else needs it sir smooth and no quick so
let me show you turns out that this
piece or this somewhere in here was oh
right there was contacting as it came up
this hit this now you can see there's
just a hair of clearance now and I
adjusted that thickness on up here this
screw holds a clamp on which holds the
bar so I undid the screw and alternately
rotated and adjusted the bar down that
also corrected the alignment on the
needle I haven't sown with it yet but
that's the source of the of the clicking
now if you listen close is I change
direction you can hear a little bit of
the slop in the in the fitting there and
it is a little loose if you if you shake
it you can you can you can get a little
movement out of it so that's what I
thought it was I ended up tightening or
loosening and tightening each of the
each of the screws everywhere I could
also was thinking maybe this was was
hitting up here I didn't seen wear marks
or if something was hitting this this
bar here but it turns out this is the
culprit right here contact right there
and I wanted to pass this long because
almost every video that I've watched
posted on YouTube as that noise
and it's correctable